# PowershellAutomation
Various Process I have automated with Powershell Scripts
# Basic Checksum Calculator
This is a very basic script that I have written for demonstration purposes. It allows for beginners to grasp the basic concepts of getting user input and passing those variable in powershell. It calculates the hash of a given file and then compares it against a given hash
# Checksum Calculator
This is a more robust version of the previous tool that I use personally. Pops up GUI windows for gathering the user input (file, algorithm, hash) and then verifies the calculated file hash with the given one. "Why not use WinMD5?" This tool allows me to calculate more than just MD5 hashes and powershell is much faster at doing so than WinMD5. Primarily I developed this out of frustration of long wait times when using WinMD5 to calculate the hashes of CyberPatriot Images.
# Print Queue Script
This script was made to clean out printers from a Windows Print Server that is utilizing Papercut Print Management based on different criteria. Users can select whether to remove printers based on whether or not they have an Offline status in the Windows Print Server or if the printer has had less than 10 print juobs in it's life time based on a csv report generated through Papercut. The script will comb through the list of printers and find all of the ones that match the selected criteria. It will then create a folder and store a timestamped incremental backup so that these printers can be restored if need be and delete the printers from both the Windows Print Server and the Papercut interface.
